Okay, here are your strings.
I'll ring up your trombone in a sec,
and yes, I'm the only one working here
because my dad's too
cheap to hire more help.
Guys, I've got great news.
Time for an emergency
team Ally meeting.
Can't it wait? I can't just leave
work whenever I feel like it.
Oh, you're serious.
No, it can't wait.
I'll cover for you, Ally.
Well, spit it out.
What's the big news?
Ally's song "redial"
sold so well,
ramone records is moving
up the release date
for her debut album
to next week!
No way!
My first album!
You did it.
I'm so proud of you.
Aww.
I love that you two
are a couple again.
Okay!
We should throw you a
record release party.
Trish, can you plan it?
Oh, sure. Plenty of
time to plan a party.
It's not like like I'll be busy
setting up radio interviews,
in-store appearances and
a photo shoot for Ally.
Great, thanks.
Wow. I'm gonna be busy.
Between school and all
this album promotion,
I'm barely gonna
have time for work.
Yeah, about that.
You're gonna have
to quit Sonic Boom.
What?
I can't quit working here.
It's either quit here or
quit going to school.
Oh, you're serious.
Fine.
I'll quit Sonic Boom.
But it's gonna break
my dad's heart.
Well, maybe it won't be so hard on him
if you find someone to replace you.
What is Dez doing
behind the counter?
Hope I didn't overcharge
that guy for the amp.
We sell those for $200.
Whoo, good. I didn't
overcharge him.
I sold it to him for 10.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Fish tacos for Trish, and a crab
salad for my little ginger snap.
What's wrong, babe?
I'm afraid I'm gonna get fired
because I'm not a good waitress.
What? You're a great waitress.
Oh, you forgot the salad
dressing on the side.
No, you didn't.
I need to find a new job.
If one more person asks me about
the fish special, I'm gonna cry.
Hey, Carrie, how's
the fish special?
Okay.
Maybe I'll just get the salad.
Sorry we're late.
We just saw five
movies back to back.
Since Ally's gonna be busy with her
record, we're squeezing a month of dates
into one weekend.
Next, we're going to
a poetry reading,
then to Phil's fun town
to ride roller coasters.
But we shouldn't eat too much.
I don't want to yak.
You don't get sick
on roller coasters.
I was talking about
the poetry reading.
So, Ally, did you talk to your dad
about you quitting Sonic Boom?
Your album's being
released next week.
Not yet.
I'm not sure how to tell him.
I'll talk to your dad.
I know I'm his favorite.
He has my picture
up in his office.
That's a dart board.
But it has my picture on it.
So, Ally, let's go over a couple
things about your album release party.
We're having it
here at shredders,
and Jett Deely from VCL
is gonna interview you.
That's great, Trish.
I am gonna rock my
first album interview.
I should probably
give you lessons.
You have a tendency to ramble.
I don't ramble.
I mean, sometimes I talk a lot,
but that's only when I'm nervous.
It started when I
was a little kid.
Did you know that a baby
goat is also called a kid?
Oh, and a baby kangaroo
is called a Joey.
Yeah... You need lessons.
Hey, honey.
What do you think of
my new paintings?
A giraffe mowing the lawn,
a giraffe playing golf,
a giraffe using the atm.
What do you call
this collection?
"Giraffes doing people stuff."
Huh. I never would have guessed.
Dad, I have to talk to you.
Ooh, is it about your new album?
I am so happy for you.
That's why you're
such a good dad.
You're always happy for me.
Never mad at me.
Never ever mad at me.
Oh, no.
Did you wreck the car?
No.
I have to quit Sonic Boom.
Oh, I am so glad to hear that.
I really thought you
wrecked the car.
Wait, you're not upset?
Not at all.
Now I can sell this place and
focus more time on my painting.
Oh, I'm so glad to hear that.
Wait, sell the store?
Yeah, I've been thinking
about it for a while.
I mean, you weren't gonna
work here forever.
You're too talented.
Thanks, dad.
I guess I just thought you'd
never get rid of the store.
I mean, I grew up here.
I'm really gonna
miss this place.
Do you want me to paint a picture of
a giraffe working at the register,
so you'll always remember it?
No, I'll just keep
my own memories.
I can't believe my dad's
selling the store.
We've had so many
good memories here.
I know.
Man, if these walls could talk.
That'd be weird, right?
Look, Ally, we're all
gonna miss Sonic Boom.
But you shouldn't
be sad this week.
Your album's coming out and we're
having a record release party for you.
And don't forget, you have that
interview with Jett Deely.
Remember, no rambling, focus on your
album, and no matter how upset you are,
don't let Jett see it.
I can keep it together. Try me.
Welcome to VCL.
I am Jett Deely here
with Ally Dawson.
So, Ally... Tell me
about your new album.
Well, Jett, it's got a lot of great
songs that I wrote here at Sonic Boom.
Which my dad is selling.
It's like he's throwing
away my childhood.
Why is this happening to me?
Way to keep it together.
I just think my dad's
making a mistake.
Then just tell him not
to sell the store.
That's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna stop my dad.
Yeah. It's not too late.
Great news, Ally.
I sold the store.
Okay, maybe it is too late.
You sold the store?
Yeah. We just have to
finalize some details.
Meet the new owner, Ms. Krum.
Oh, you must be Ally.
Aren't you just
the cutest thing.
And so much smarter
looking than I expected.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, it's just that
your father told me
that you quit the store
to pursue your music.
I just don't understand people who
follow their childish dreams,
knowing they have almost
zero chance of success.
Cookie?
- Mmm!
- Delicious.
But are they healthy?
Oh, yes!
They're made with oatmeal
and honey instead of sugar.
Oh, you must be the smart one.
He's not.
I don't think my music
is a childish dream.
Oh, I didn't mean to offend you.
I'm just a more practical
kind of person.
That's why I'm going to turn this
music store into a box store.
A box store?!
Look, Ms. Krum can do whatever she wants
with Sonic Boom after she buys it.
I just can't believe this isn't
gonna be a music store anymore.
Ooh.
I hate music stores, dear.
My parents forced me to take piano
lessons when I was a child,
even though they
knew I hated it.
"I like to bake, mommy!"
"Shut up and play, Agnes."
I don't want to do that
to other children.
Is anybody else scared?
I couldn't find a box big
enough for this bass.
Why don't you use that big box?
Because then I'll have nothing
to put the harmonica in.
I'll just box up the
instruments myself.
It's gonna be so hard saying
good-bye to this place.
I know.
I wrote all my songs here.
We all became friends here.
I met Ally here.
And I met Trish here.
Do you really want to walk
out of here with one hand?
Some of the best times of our
lives happened at Sonic Boom.
I'm not ready to say
good-bye to this place yet.
Hey, why don't we have your record
release party here at Sonic Boom?
That way we can have
one last great memory.
- Yeah.
- Good idea.
I'd like that, Trish.
But it's not gonna be our last memory
here because I'm not giving up.
What can we do?
I don't know, but Ms. Krum
doesn't own the store yet.
My dad said she's coming over
tonight to sign the papers.
Then there's still time to convince your
dad not to go through with the sale.
We can do it.
We always come through
when we work together.
Yeah.
Dad, we don't think you
should sell Sonic Boom.
And we're gonna put on a
play to show you why.
Starting with the magical day
when you first bought the store.
You know what was
magical about that day?
I hadn't met you yet.
It's that loving sarcasm that makes
me not afraid to call you dad.
- Never call me that.
- Okay.
Places, everybody.
Showtime.
Lester, my husband, are you sure
opening a music store is a good idea?
I mean, we just had a baby.
Wah, wah. I'm baby Ally.
Penny, my wife, it's too late.
I already signed the paperwork
without asking you,
which, years later, will cause
problems in our marriage.
Oh, that's true.
That's very true.
Anyways, here's our
first customer.
Thank you for the amp, Mr.
Dawson.
I know I could get a better
deal over at music city,
but they're closed today.
We flash forward to Ally's
first piano lesson,
where she shows her
first signs of talent.
Wah. Not bad for a baby, huh?
Ally continues to grow as a
musician and songwriter,
and soon, she's the one
giving lessons at Sonic Boom.
I'm Tommy.
Ally taught me how
to play the tuba.
I'm Sally.
Ally taught me how
to play the flute.
I'm Angus.
Ally taught me how to
play these here bagpipes.
And finally, after all those
years, Ally realized her dream.
Ally, my daughter, is there
something you want to tell me?
Dad, I got a record
deal at ramone records.
My first album is coming out.
And none of that would have
happened without Sonic Boom.
You convinced me. I don't want
to sell the store anymore.
Lester, I signed the paperwork.
Sonic boom officially
belongs to me.
Okay, Rudy, where shall we
bring in the wrecking ball?
- Wrecking ball?
- Yes, dear.
I'm going to demolish Sonic Boom
to build my box store. Cookie?
Well, we should probably get ready
for Ally's record release party.
We've only got a couple hours.
It's so hard to celebrate when I
know Sonic Boom is being demolished.
Maybe it's not too
late to save it.
I just need to talk to Ms. Krum.
Mm! If you talk to her, tell her
to bring over more cookies.
We're almost out.
Don't you feel bad knowing what that
lady is gonna do to Sonic Boom?
No.
Me either.
They're awesome.
Maybe if we just find something Ms.
Krum loves to do besides selling boxes,
she won't need the store.
We just have to come
up with what that is.
This is so good.
Guys, stop eating Ms.
Krum's cookies.
We can't concentrate.
That's it.
She loves to bake cookies.
I think I have an idea.
Austin, come with me.
We've got calls to make.
Trish, add Ms. Krum
to the guest list,
and rent a big dessert
table for the party.
- I'm on it.
- What should I do?
You can help your
girlfriend find a new job.
I just got fired for that.
Ohh.
Trish, you've had a job or
two, where should Carrie work?
Oh, fine.
I'll go through a list
of all my old jobs.
Stop me if you
hear one you like.
Cupcake city, the magic palace,
the mug store, yo-yo cart,
dry cleaners, lost and found,
makeup kiosk, pirate Frank's,
cheese shop, t-shirt world, yarn barn,
megaphone world, it's a racket,
meatballas, day care,
scoop there it is,
greeting card store, cellphone accessory
cart, Suzy's soups, melody's diner,
mailbox store, halloweenatorium,
pillow store, Phil's fun town,
mall customer service,
Daisy's bouquet,
champy's sports grill, flight
attendant, tranquility spa, dog Walker,
antique store, pioneer
ranger troop leader,
caterer, radio dj, frozen yogurt
shop, shredders party planner.
No.
This party looks great, Trish.
Thank you so much for
putting it together.
Hey, when my client releases
an album, money is no object.
Especially when it's the
record company's money.
You ready for your
Jett Deely interview?
Remember what we talked about.
No rambling.
What if he asks me about you?
Should I say we're a couple?
I don't want this
to be about me.
I want this to be about you.
Ally.
Congrats on the debut album.
So are you ready to
start our interview?
Oh, not yet. I
just need a sec...
And we're live.
So, Ally, tell us what it was
like making your first record.
It was a lot of work, Jett, but I think
my fans are really gonna love it.
My favorite song is "parachute,"
which I'll be playing
here tonight.
Excellent. Now, that song wouldn't
be about anyone in particular,
say your boyfriend?
Oh, Jett, tonight's about my
music, not about my personal life.
If my fans really want to
hear what's in my heart,
they can buy my album
online starting tomorrow.
Good to know.
Hey, there's Ally's
partner, Austin moon.
We're not partners.
We're just friends.
Sometimes we write
songs together.
So I guess you could
call us partners.
Just not partners partners.
'Cause like I'm not
her boyfriend.
Did you know a baby
goat's called a kid?
Okay.
We'll be right back
to see Ally perform.
What the heck was that?
You should take interview
lessons from her.
What can I say?
Some of us got it,
some of us don't.
Thank you so much for inviting
me to your party, dear.
I love to watch people
eat my cookies.
You know what you should do?
Forget the box store and
open up a food truck.
That's a great idea, Austin.
But where oh where will
she find a food truck?
Oh, I know.
The burger guy in the parking
lot is selling his truck.
But where oh where will
we find his number?
Oh, I know.
I have his card.
But where oh where will she
find a phone to call him with?
Oh, I know.
Man.
I left my phone in
my other pants.
Milk?
Oh, I see what you
kids are doing.
You want me to sell Sonic
Boom back to Lester.
Do you think I am foolish enough to
give up the security of a box store
to pursue my childish
dreams of selling cookies?
That's what we were
kind of hoping.
Well, it's not gonna work.
I will take the milk, however.
That'll go good
with the cookies.
We tried.
Sorry, Ally.
Hey...
This is the biggest
night of my life.
We shouldn't be sad.
You're right.
Come on. It's time
for you to perform.
There are a few people I want
to thank for this night.
My friends, and most
importantly, my dad,
who always encouraged
me to follow my dreams.
That was wonderful, dear.
See, Ms. Krum?
Dreams do come true.
Oh, yeah, sure.
We should all just quit
our practical jobs
in order to pursue our childish
dreams because it feels good.
Well...
That's exactly
what I'm gonna do!
I'm going into the
cookie business!
- Lester!
- Yeah?
You can have the store back.
Now I just need someone
to work here for Ally.
I've got just the person.
Right, Carrie?
Oh, yeah.
Trish, I think he means you.
Maybe I should do the talking.
You got the store back.
Now it's really the
happiest night of my life.
Uh...
So I'm just gonna go
get a cookie now.
I'm really proud of you, honey.
Thanks, dad.
Sorry you can't retire
to paint your giraffes.
Oh, that's okay.
I could still sell them
here at the store.
Ooh, and I hired Carrie to work here while
you were busy promoting your album.
You sure that's a good idea?
Yeah, she knows
what she's doing.
What instrument is this?
It's a cash register.
I figured out how to play it.
I'm glad we got Sonic
Boom back, dad.
Me too, honey.
Oh, dear!
I forgot to call off
the wrecking ball!
Run for your lives!
My giraffes!
Cookie?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org